Who said I want to go back on my word?
The money in my hands can't be turned around for the time being
Wait a minute.
Help me think of a way
I can't help you figure it out for yourself, that's right
You have to go back on this
My grandfather can't keep it
Does the emperor want my help?
So I don't need you to bark like a dog
Kneel down and tell everyone wrong
Are you trying to trick me tonight?
Miss Sun really didn't seem to be talking nonsense just now.
Yes
Who wants to say that it seems that the emperor is not hiding my account?
The eldest sister originally called and asked him first
How should this be handled?
Yes
Hey, hey, hey.
Walk slowly
I am not my luxurious patience with you
Thinking about tricking you is really this garbage going to trump you on the road
You don't have to help this garbage
Let Ranger teach him a lesson
Lu Shao doesn't show off, we carry you
That's right, Brother Xuan
I should let the blue patrol give him a good lesson
Brother Xuan, just listen to everyone
Don't help this kind of person